Come on, can you give me a one-price lift?
Give him the price! Give him the price!
Don't worry, give me the price and I will let you own the whole world.
I don’t want my whole world to be you.
What program?
This is just an expense that I have abandoned.
I finally went to the meeting and gave him a price, and I was really good at it.
What should I do? The price will go down, so remember it from the market.
Let’s go home first, shall we?
Go home? Do you want the original price back?
They all have such bad intentions.
But they should already know they are wrong.
I believe they won’t do bad things again in the future.
Where are all your things?
Wait until we get married
I also need to find a place where I can get better and move in.
How to go home